README.md, before:


# Portfolio v1.5

This is a personal portfolio site built with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org), React, and Tailwind CSS. Responsive, mobile-first, and deployed with GitHub Pages.


## Getting Started

1. Install dependencies:
	```
	pnpm install
	```
2. Start the development server:
	```
	pnpm dev
	```
3. Visit [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## Scripts

- `pnpm dev` — Start development server
- `pnpm build` — Build for production
- `pnpm start` — Start production server
- `pnpm lint` — Run ESLint
- `pnpm format` — Run Prettier
- `pnpm run typecheck` — TypeScript type checking

## Features

- Built with Next.js 15, React 19, Tailwind CSS 4
- Responsive and mobile-first design
- Custom Matrix Rain animation
- All assets in `public/` are used and referenced

## Editing

Edit the main page in `src/app/page.tsx`. Components are in `src/app/components/`.


## Deployment

You can deploy this site to Vercel or any platform supporting Next.js. See [Next.js deployment docs](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying).

Commit message:

Revise README to update portfolio site details
Updated project description to reflect version changes and Knight Hacks application.

README.md, after:


# Portfolio v1.5

This is my personal portfolio site, originally built as version 1.0 but updated for my Knight Hacks application. It’s built with Next.js, React, and Tailwind CSS. 


## Getting Started

1. Install dependencies:
	```
	pnpm install
	```
2. Start the development server:
	```
	pnpm dev
	```
3. Visit [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## Scripts

- `pnpm dev` — Start development server
- `pnpm build` — Build for production
- `pnpm start` — Start production server
- `pnpm lint` — Run ESLint
- `pnpm format` — Run Prettier
- `pnpm run typecheck` — TypeScript type checking

## Features

- Built with Next.js 15, React 19, Tailwind CSS 4
- Responsive and mobile-first design
- Custom Matrix Rain animation
- All assets in `public/` are used and referenced

## Editing

Edit the main page in `src/app/page.tsx`. Components are in `src/app/components/`.


## Deployment

You can deploy this site to Vercel or any platform supporting Next.js. See [Next.js deployment docs](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying).
